While the number of digital services is increasing faster and faster, those services rely more and more on IoT systems to collect data and perform data analysis, eventually using AI techniques. In this context, devices are part of the “root of trust” and need to be secured in order to ensure high quality and trusted digital services. This paper presents an approach to facilitate the integration, verification and then the functional validation of the security into devices based on modeling and simulation. This approach allows reducing the cost impact of adding security layer to physical devices.
The past years have witnessed an increasing interest and concernregarding the development of security monitoring and managementmechanisms for Critical Infrastructures, due to their vital role inensuring the availability of many essential services. This task is noteasy due to the specific characteristics of such systems, and thenatural resistance of Critical Infrastructures operators against actionsimplying downtime. Digital Twins, as accurate virtual models of physicalobjects or processes, can provide a faithful environment for securityanalysis or evaluation of potential mitigation strategies to be deployedin face of specific situations. Nonetheless, their on-premisesdeployment can be expensive, implying a significant CAPEX whose returnwill depend on the ability to plan and deploy a suitable supportinfrastructure, as well as implementing efficient and scalable datacollection and processing mechanisms capable of taking advantage of theacquired resources. This paper presents an off-premises approach todesign and deploy Digital Twins to secure critical infrastructures,developed in the scope of the ELEGANT project. Such Digital Twins arebuilt using real-time, high fidelity replicas of Programming LogicControllers, coupled with scalable and efficient data collectionprocesses, supporting the development and validation of Machine Learningmodels to mitigate security threats like Denial of Service attacks. Thevalidation approach of ELEGANT, which leveraged from the capabilities ofthe Fed4Fire federated testbeds evaluated the feasibility of usingcloudified Digital Twins, thus converting a significant part of theprojected CAPEX for the in-premises model into on-demand, pay-as-you-goOPEX, eventually paving the way for the establishment of a DTaaS(Digital Twin as a Service) paradigm. The achieved results demonstratethat the data pipelines providing support for the ELEGANT Digital Twinshave low impact in terms of resource usage in Denial of Service andDistributed Denial of Service attack scenarios, whe ...
The complexity of cyberattacks in Cyber-Physical Systems (CPSs) callsfor a mechanism that can evaluate critical infrastructures' operationalbehaviour and security without affecting the operation of live systems.In this regard, Digital Twins (DTs) provide actionable insights throughmonitoring, simulating, predicting, and optimizing the state of CPSs.Through the use cases, including system testing and training, detectingsystem misconfigurations, and security testing, DTs strengthen thesecurity of CPSs throughout the product lifecycle. However, suchbenefits of DTs depend on an assumption about data integrity andsecurity. Data trustworthiness becomes more critical while integratingmultiple components among different DTs owned by various stakeholders toprovide an aggregated view of the complex physical system. This articleenvisions a blockchain-based DT framework as Trusted Twins for SecuringCyber-Physical Systems (TTS-CPS). With the automotive industry as a CPSuse case, we demonstrate the viability of the TTS-CPS framework througha proof of concept. To utilize reliable system specification data forbuilding the process knowledge of DTs, we ensure the trustworthiness ofdata-generating sources through Integrity Checking Mechanisms (ICMs).Additionally, Safety and Security (S\&S) rules evaluated duringsimulation are stored and retrieved from the blockchain, therebyestablishing more understanding and confidence in the decisions made bythe underlying systems. Finally, we perform formal verification of theTTS-CPS. (c) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. CC\_BY\_4.0
Autonomous vehicles(AVs) have developed rapidly in recent years andderived many AV-related services. However, the stringent requirement ofreal-time sensing, computing, and communication may severely overloadthe AV, resulting in a poor passenger experience. In this work, weleverage the digital twin(DT) concept to help the information fusion andcomputing for AV, propose a vehicular digital twin(VDT) framework.Specifically, DT is maintained in the cloud and synchronized with itscorresponding AV in real-time. AV uploads necessary information to theDT, and DT makes feedback through processing and analysis. The DT canalso communicate with other DTs to obtain information. Due to thereal-time information synchronization of AV and DT in an opencommunication environment, ensuring communication security and protectprivacy is needed. To tackle those issues, we give a concreteauthentication protocol for secure communication between AV and DT. Thesecurity analysis and performance evaluation show that our proposedprotocol not only has less computation cost but also can satisfy thenecessary security requirements.
In order to effectively solve the current security problems encountered by smart wireless terminals in the digital twin biological network, to ensure the stable and efﬁcient operation of the wireless communication network. This research aims to reduce the interference attack in the communication network, an interference source location scheme based on Mobile Tracker in the communication process of the Internet of Things (IoT) is designed. Firstly, this paper improves Attribute-Based Encryption (ABE) to meet the security and overhead requirements of digital twin networking communication. The access control policy is used to encrypt a random key, and the symmetric encryption scheme is used to hide the key. In addition, in the proposed interference source location technology, the inﬂuence of observation noise is reduced based on the principle of unscented Kalman ﬁlter, and the estimated interference source location is modiﬁed by the interference source motion model. In order to further evaluate the performance of the method proposed as the interference source, this paper simulates the jamming attack scenario. The Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) value of the proposed algorithm is 0.245 m, which is better than the ErrMin algorithm (0.313 m), and the number of observation nodes of the proposed algorithm is less than half of the ErrMin algorithm. To sum up, satisfactory results can be achieved by taking the Jamming Signal Strength (JSS) information as the observation value and estimating the location of the interference source and other state information based on the untracked Kalman ﬁlter algorithm. This research has signiﬁcant value for the secure communication of the digital twins in the IoT.
Cyber-Physical Systems (CPSs) and Digital Twins (DTs) currentlyrepresent the two most notable examples of cyber-physical integrationenabled by modern ICT technologies, and their adoption is becomingpredominant to implement and analyse complex systems in severalapplication domains. So-called cyber DTs are increasingly being used tocarry out security analysis, monitoring and testing on the virtualreplicas of complex systems rather than on the physical counterparts,especially when these may not be directly feasible due to cost and otherconstraints. However, since physical and virtual replicas live side byside in complex ecosystems, the need for secure and trustworthy DTsarises. In this paper, we introduce a preliminary conceptual frameworkaimed to increase the level of security of a complex CPS by leveraging acyber DT providing advanced anomaly detection capabilities, achieved bymeans of state-of-art machine learning solutions (i.e., federatedlearning). The framework will also address the security andtrustworthiness of the cyber DT itself, by leveraging both HW and SWsolutions to support a secure communication and storage of the criticaldata exchanged among the physical and virtual worlds. To this aim, theintegration of the blockchain technology into the DT architecture willbe investigated.
The power grid is considered to be the most critical piece of infrastructure in the United States because each of the other fifteen critical infrastructures, as defined by the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), require the energy sector to properly function. Due the critical nature of the power grid, the ability to detect anomalies in the power grid is of critical importance to prevent power outages, avoid damage to sensitive equipment and to maintain a working power grid. Over the past few decades, the modern power grid has evolved into a large Cyber Physical System (CPS) equipped with wide area monitoring systems (WAMS) and distributed control. As smart technology advances, the power grid continues to be upgraded with high fidelity sensors and measurement devices, such as phasor measurement units (PMUs), that can report the state of the system with a high temporal resolution. However, this influx of data can often become overwhelming to the legacy Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system, as well as, the power system operator. In this paper, we propose using a deep learning (DL) convolutional neural network (CNN) as a module within the Automatic Network Guardian for ELectrical systems (ANGEL) Digital Twin environment to detect physical faults in a power system. The presented approach uses high fidelity measurement data from the IEEE 9-bus and IEEE 39-bus benchmark power systems to not only detect if there is a fault in the power system but also applies the algorithm to classify which bus contains the fault. © 2021 IEEE.
Smart home systems are both technologically and economically advancing rapidly. As people become gradually inalienable to smart home infrastructures, their security conditions are getting more and more closely tied to everyone&#x2019;s privacy and safety. In this paper, we consider smart apps, either malicious ones with evil intentions or benign ones with logic errors, that can cause property loss or even physical sufferings to the user when being executed in a smart home environment and interacting with human activities and environmental changes. Unfortunately, current preventive measures rely on permissionbased access control, failing to provide ideal protections against such threats due to the nature of their rigid designs. In this paper, we propose CommandFence, a novel digital-twin-based security framework that adopts a fundamentally new concept of protecting the smart home system by letting any sequence of app commands to be executed in a virtual smart home system, in which a deep-q network (DQN) is used to predict if the sequence could lead to a risky consequence. CommandFence is composed of an Interposition Layer to interpose app commands and an Emulation Layer to figure out whether they can cause any risky smart home state if correlating with possible human activities and environmental changes. We fully implemented our CommandFence implementation and tested against 553 official SmartApps on the Samsung SmartThings platform and successfully identified 34 potentially dangerous ones, with 31 of them reported to be problematic the first time to our best knowledge. Moreover, We tested our CommandFence on the 10 malicious SmartApps created by [1] and successfully identified 7 of them as risky, with the missed ones actually only causing smartphone information leak (not harmful to the smart home system). We also tested CommandFence against the 17 benign SmartApps with logic errors developed by [2] and achieved a 100 CommandFence incurs a neglectable overhead of 0.1675 seconds. IEEE
The rapid expansion of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) necessitates the digitization of industrial processes in order to increase network efficiency. The integration of Digital Twin (DT) with IIoT digitizes physical objects into virtual representations to improve data analytics performance. Nevertheless, DT empowered IIoT generates a massive amount of data that is mostly sent to the cloud or edge servers for real-time analysis. However, unreliable public communication channels and lack of trust among participating entities causes various types of threats and attacks on the ongoing communication. Motivated from the aforementioned discussion, we present a blockchain and Deep Learning (DL) integrated framework for delivering decentralized data processing and learning in IIoT network. The framework first present a new DT model that facilitates construction of a virtual environment to simulate and replicate security-critical processes of IIoT. Second, we propose a blockchain-based data transmission scheme that uses smart contracts to ensure integrity and authenticity of data. Finally, the DL scheme is designed to apply the Intrusion Detection System (IDS) against valid data retrieved from blockchain. In DL scheme, a Long Short Term Memory-Sparse AutoEncoder (LSTMSAE) technique is proposed to learn the spatial-temporal representation. The extracted characteristics are further used by the proposed Multi-Head Self-Attention (MHSA)-based Bidirectional Gated Recurrent Unit (BiGRU) algorithm to learn long-distance features and accurately detect attacks. The practical implementation of our proposed framework proves considerable enhancement of communication security and data privacy in DT empowered IIoT network. IEEE
The proliferation of cyber-physical systems is driving the growing need to establish links between these systems and virtual environments. Particularly in the smart grid, the high costs of some devices and the imminent need to prevent manipulation of these devices in production environments make mechanisms that allow the manipulation of these physical objects in virtual environments necessary; this has been called a digital twin (DT). Conversley, cyberattacks are growing in all cyber-physical systems and cybersecurity is essential to the critical infrastructure of the smart grid. This work shows a small implementation of a DT system for smart metering systems in a smart home environment for testing cybersecurity issues. The results show that the use of DTs is feasible in various contexts of the smart grid, particularly in cybersecurity testing. © 1997-2012 IEEE.
Several methods exist for detecting process anomalies resulting from cyber-attacks on critical infrastructure. The assessment of such methods could be conducted using simulation or directly on a realistic operational testbed. While the results of an assessment on a testbed may be more authentic than those carried out using simulation, conducting such experiments is fraught with challenges such as the time required to set up and launch attacks thus limiting the variety and number of attacks launched. To overcome such limitations, while maintaining the reliability of the outcome of the assessment, an approach based on timed automata models of a critical infrastructure was investigated. The investigation involved development of a digital twin for a 6-stage water treatment plant. A design-centric anomaly detection method, as well as an attack launcher, were integrated with the model and experiments were performed. The outcome of this investigation reveals the value of the proposed approach in rapid assessment of a design-centric anomaly detection method. © 2019 IEEE.
With the diffusion of integrated design environments and tools for visual threat modeling for critical infrastructures, the concept of Digital Twin (DT) is gaining momentum in the field of cybersecurity. Its main use is for enabling attack simulations and evaluation of countermeasures, without causing outage of the physical system. However, the use of a DT is considered foremost as a facilitator of system operation rather than an integral part of its architecture design. In this work, we introduce a specific architecture view in the system representation, called Cybersecurity View. From it, we derive a cybersecurity Digital Twin as part of the security-by-design practice for Industrial Automation and Control Systems used in Critical Infrastructures. Not only this digital twin serves the purpose of simulating cyber-attacks and devising countermeasures, but its design and function are also directly tied to the architecture model of the system for which the cybersecurity requirements are posed. Moreover, this holds regardless of whether the model is generated as part of the development cycle or through an empirical observation of the system as-is. With this, we enable the identification of adequate cybersecurity measures for the system, while improving the overall system design. To demonstrate the practical usefulness of the proposed methodology, its application is illustrated through two real-world use cases: the Cooperative Intelligent Transport System (C-ITS) and the Road tunnel scenario. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Cyber-Physical Systems (CPSs) play an increasingly significant role in many critical applications. These valuable applications attract various sophisticated attacks. This paper considers a stealthy estimation attack, which aims to modify the state estimation of the CPSs. The intelligent attackers can learn defense strategies and use clandestine attack strategies to avoid detection. To address the issue, we design a Chi-square detector in a Digital Twin (DT), which is an online digital model of the physical system. We use a Signaling Game with Evidence (SGE) to find the optimal attack and defense strategies. Our analytical results show that the proposed defense strategies can mitigate the impact of the attack on the physical estimation and guarantee the stability of the CPSs. Finally, we use an illustrative application to evaluate the performance of the proposed framework. © 2020 IEEE.
Digital twin technology today is diverse and emerging and its full potential is not yet widely understood. The concept of a digital twin allows for the analysis, design, optimisation and evolution of systems to take place fully digital, or in conjunction with a cyber-physical system to improve speed, accuracy and efficiency when compared to traditional engineering approaches. Digital twins continue to be a technology that enables new paradigms, such as Industry 4.0 and Factories of the Future as well as generating improved efficiencies within existing systems. The development of digital twin technology in traditional industries such as manufacturing, construction, the automotive industry, agriculture and transportation has highlighted its potential, but often insufficiently explored the risks associated with their integration. In this paper we explore risks relating to the cyber-security of systems employing digital twin technology and also consider the opportunities for digital twins themselves to mitigate cyber-security risks and become an integral part of a security in-depth defence. © 2021 IEEE
In recent years, the cybersecurity attacks on the internet of things(IoT)-based healthcare systems became the major concern for researchersand health organizations. With time, the sophistication of these attacksis increasing. Therefore, healthcare service providers must implementefficient security mechanisms carefully while taking the advantages ofconnected devices without compromising the patient safety and disturbingthe real-time health services. A digital twin (DT) is a virtualrepresentation of a real-time counterpart of a physical world. DT offerssignificant advantages to cybersecurity experts, empowering them topredict risks without entering the physical world, and to simulate andtest cyber-attacks that would otherwise be infeasible to do in real-timein the physical environment. DT in healthcare helps to identify securityvulnerabilities, conduct attack simulations, and potential securitybreaches by creating a virtual replica of the targeted healthcaresystems. In this paper, a novel and automated conceptual framework isdeveloped for reinforcing the cybersecurity in IoT-based healthcareusing DT technology. It includes the conceptualization and analysis ofthe proposed framework which can provide dynamic and adaptive securitysolution to identify real-time threats and vulnerabilities in IoT-basedhealthcare applications.
With the help of modern technologies and advances in communicationsystems, the functionality of Industrial control systems (ICS) has beenenhanced leading toward to have more efficient and smarter ICS. However,this makes these systems more and more connected and part of a networkedsystem. This can provide an entry point for attackers to infiltrate thesystem and cause damage with potentially catastrophic consequences.Therefore, in this paper, we propose a digital twin-based securityframework for ICS that consists of two parts: attack detection andattack mitigation. In this framework we deploy an intrusion detectionsystem in digital domain that can detect attacks in a timely manner.Then, using our mitigation method, we keep the system stable withacceptable performance during the attack. Additionally, we implement ourframework on a real testbed and evaluate its capability by subjecting itto a set of attacks.
Rapid advancements in Cyber-Physical System (CPS) capabilities havemotivated farmers to deploy this ecosystem on their farms. However,there is a growing concern among users regarding the security risksassociated with CPS. Especially with rising number of cyber-attacks onCPS, such as modifying sensor readings, interrupting operations, etc.Therefore, this paper describes a security surveillance framework todetect deviations in the ecosystem by incorporating a digital twinsupported anomaly detection model. The reason for incorporating digitaltwins is that they add value by enabling real-time monitoring ofconnected smart farms. We pre-process the collected data from sensorsdeployed on the smart farm setup. The pre-processed data is fused withour smart farm ontology to populate a knowledge graph. The generatedgraph is further queried to extract the necessary sensor data. Weutilize the extracted normal data to train the anomaly detection model.Further, we tested our model if it identifies abnormal values fromsensors by simulating anomalous use case scenarios specific to ourecosystem.
The ANGEL Digital Twin for Cyber-Physical System Security is a novelapproach for improving the security of critical and non-criticalinfrastructure. Digital Twin technology, widely used in the aviation,manufacturing and automotive industries, has the potential to improvethe security and resiliency of the microgrid. In this paper, we presenta framework for adapting the Digital Twin to the application ofmicrogrid security. The Digital Twin is a real-time, physics-basedsimulation that runs alongside the physical system providing for itsconstant monitoring and control. The Automatic Network Guardian forELectrical systems, or ANGEL, will model both the cyber and physicallayers of the microgrid and provide real-time data visualization. As aresult, users will be aided in assessing the health of the physicalplant and overall behavior over a range of operating conditions. TheANGEL Digital Twin will be able to use the real-time two-way couplingbetween the simulation and physical system to update and evolve thesimulation to provide greater insight into the physical system.Ultimately ANGEL will provide the ability to diagnose and heal thephysical system, mitigating both component failures and the effects ofcyber attack. This paper will explain the methodology behind the designof this digital twin and the advantages of such an approach. Todemonstrate the current capabilities of the ANGEL framework as a LevelIII digital twin, a simulation example is presented on the IEEE 39-busbenchmark.y
Beyond fifth generation (B5G) communication networks and computationparadigms in the edge are expected to be integrated into power gridinfrastructures over the coming years. In this sense, AI technologieswill play a fundamental role to efficiently manage dynamic informationflows of future applications, which impacts the authorization policiesapplied in such a complex scenario. This article studies how digitaltwins can evolve their context awareness capabilities and simulationtechnologies to anticipate faults or to detect cyber-security issues inreal time, and update access control policies accordingly. Our studyanalyzes the evolution of monitoring platforms and architecturedecentralization, including the application of machine learning andblockchain technologies in the smart grid, toward the goal ofimplementing autonomous and self-learning agents in the medium and longterm. We conclude this study with future challenges on applying digitaltwins to B5G-based smart grid deployments.
Smart inverters connected to a communication network are susceptible toman-in-the-middle attacks. In this paper, a self-security approach isimplemented using the digital twin concept for smart inverters. Thedigital twin is formed using the inverter's normal operating region andthe inverter's dynamic model. Then, the incoming setpoints areautonomously examined using the digital twin, and only the safesetpoints are engaged to the inverter's local controller. This paperdemonstrates how the inverter's normal operating region and dynamicmodel are formed. In particular, the normal operation region isexperimentally verified by changing the P and Q setpoints engaged to thelocal controller, using a laboratory setup including a three-phase1.5-kVA SiC-MOSFET inverter and a 12-kW NHR 9410 regenerative power gridemulator. The results demonstrate that the self-security technique canpotentially protect inverters from man-in-the-middle attacks byexamining the incoming commands (new setpoints) using the inverter'sdigital twin before engaging the setpoints to the local controller.
This paper presents the conceptualisation of a framework that combinesdigital twins with runtime verification and applies the techniques inthe context of security monitoring and verification for satellites. Wefocus on special considerations needed for space missions andsatellites, and we discuss how digital twins in such applications can bedeveloped and how the states of the twins should be synchronised. Inparticular, we present state synchronisation methods to ensure secureand efficient long-distance communication between the satellite and itsdigital twin on the ground. Building on top of this, we develop aruntime verification engine for the digital twin that can verifyproperties in multiple temporal logic languages. We end the paper withour proposal to develop a fully verified satellite digital twin systemas future work.
The digital twin is a rather new industrial control and automationsystems concept. While the approach so far has gained interest mainlydue to capabilities to make advanced simulations and optimizations,recently the possibilities for enhanced security have got attentionwithin the research community. In this article, we discuss how a digitaltwin replication model and corresponding security architecture can beused to allow data sharing and control of security-critical processes.We identify design-driving security requirements for digital twin baseddata sharing and control. We show that the proposed statesynchronization design meets the expected digital twin synchronizationrequirements and give a high-level design and evaluation of othersecurity components of the architecture. We also make performanceevaluations of a proof of concept for protected software upgrade usingthe proposed digital twin design. Our new security framework provides afoundation for future research work in this promising new area.
The exponential growth of the Internet of Things in recent years hascreated an ever larger cyber attack surface, introducing new securityvulnerabilities for all computerized systems. Among the most significantof those systems are industrial control systems (ICS) consisting of manycyber physical components, and smart grids are a prominent example ofICS, whose failures have potential to cause major disruptions in allaspects of our daily lives. In this paper, we provide an overview ofsmart grid cybersecurity standards, and review major threats to smartgrid environments at the physical, network and application layers. Inorder to overcome the current lack of standards for security evaluationof smart grids, we propose a digital twins based approach for thecomplete lifecycle of a smart grid, which accurately models thefunctioning of the physical grid and avoids service disruptions causedby running security tests on the actual grid. A digital twins basedapproach is promising to provide a common ground for the development ofstandardized models for continuous and comprehensive penetration testingof smart grids.
Nowadays, the growth of advanced technologies is paving the way forIndustrial Control Systems (ICS) and making them more efficient andsmarter. However, this makes ICS more connected to communicationnetworks that provide a potential platform for attackers to intrude intothe systems and cause damage and catastrophic consequences. In thispaper, we propose implementing digital twins that have been equippedwith an intrusion detection algorithm. Our novel algorithm is able todetect attacks in a timely manner and also diagnose the type of attackby classification of different types of attacks. With digital twins,which are a new concept in ICS, we have virtual replicas of physicalsystems so that they precisely mirror the internal behavior of thephysical systems. So by placing the intrusion detection algorithm indigital twins, security tests can be done remotely without riskingnegative impacts on live systems.
The scale and complexity of cyber threats in digital enterprises hamperoperators' ability to gather, prioritize and rationalize which securitycontrols requirements should be handled first to achieve rapid riskreduction. This paper presents a cyber digital twin, based on attackgraph analytics, that automatically gathers and prioritizes securitycontrols requirements at scale over active networks. The first-of-a-kindtwin collects information about the computer network, associates it withattack tactics, measures the efficiency of implemented security controlsrequirements and automatically detects missing security controls. Thetwin also evaluates a cyber risk value using the attack graph andproposes prioritization of the detected requirements to rapidly reducerisk within existing system constraints. The cyber digital twinsimulator offers several new risk reduction methods for automaticallyselecting security controls requirements. The necessary data forconstructing a contextual cyber digital twin is defined, including therelationship between security controls and attack tactics. The paperillustrates the calculations used for ranking security controls' riskimpact, the algorithm for security controls' requirementsprioritization, and finally demonstrates successful results using afield experiment conducted via an active network.
In this manuscript we describe the implementation of a digital twin for industrial networks. The aim is to provide a playground for cyber-security analysis and validation without the risk of interfering to any extent with the real cyber-physical system and its environment. The proposed implementation methodology provides a very high degree of automation, following the telecom-oriented NFV-MANO approach, and shows that different network topologies may be activated in a matter of just a few minutes. Each topology may then be used as a sort of cyber-range for the experimentation of possible attacks and validation of related countermeasures.
Existing network emulation or simulation platforms provide efficient way to analyze, test and evaluate new network technology and equipment. However, these platforms have disadvantages such as poor interactivity, model sensitive and low reality. To solve these problems, a Digital Twin Cyber Platform based on NFV (DTCPN) is proposed in this paper. Firstly, by analyzing the function principles of digital twin and NFV technology, a system model which combines the advantages of digital twin and NFV is proposed. Secondly, the working principle and advantages of DTCPN are presented. Thirdly, the prototype of DTCPN is designed and typical applications of DTCPN in network security, network management and network applications are presented. The evaluation results show that DTCPN works in a way free from network modeling and provide an easy interaction and high reality technology for network innovations.
The rapid progress in IoT- and CPS-enabled devices and their convergence in the Connected and Automated Mobility (CAM) sector have changed information and knowledge sharing and collaboration perspectives between multiple stakeholders. This paper presents an approach to data integration and analytics created to enhance IoT- and CPS-based Product Lifecycle Data Management (PLCDM) by adopting the concept of Digital Twins. The paper presents the current implementation of the Digital Twin prototype and its services for enhancing smart vehicle's performances, including security and safety features.
Digital twins have recently gained significant interest in simulation,optimization, and predictive maintenance of Industrial Control Systems(ICS). Recent studies discuss the possibility of using digital twins forintrusion detection in industrial systems. Accordingly, this studycontributes to a digital twin-based security framework for industrialcontrol systems, extending its capabilities for simulation of attacksand defense mechanisms. Four types of process-aware attack scenarios areimplemented on a standalone open-source digital twin of an industrialfilling plant: command injection, network Denial of Service (DoS),calculated measurement modification, and naive measurement modification.A stacked ensemble classifier is proposed as the real-time intrusiondetection, based on the offline evaluation of eight supervised machinelearning algorithms. The designed stacked model outperforms previousmethods in terms of F1-Score and accuracy, by combining the predictionsof various algorithms, while it can detect and classify intrusions innear real-time (0.1 seconds). This study also discusses the practicalityand benefits of the proposed digital twin-based security framework.
Modern Residential Energy Storage Systems (RESSs) are monitored and controlled using Cloud based Energy Management System (CEMS). Analyzing the cyber-security of such RESSs controlled by CEMS is critical for developing appropriate Intrusion Detection Systems against cyber attacks targeting such RESSs. However, it is impractical and expensive to modify, scale and replicate the physical RESS as per the cyber-security study requirements. This paper presents, a lowcost Real-Time Digital Twin (RTDT) of an interconnected and distributed RESSs controlled and monitored via CEMS. Systematic procedure for the development of RTDT of a Cyber-Physical System (CPS) is described in detail. The proposed RTDT of a physical RESS test-bed gives flexibility to modify, scale and replicate the system without compromising its real-time fidelity. The development procedure can be easily replicated to develop RTDT of any CPS or micro-grid test-beds. To minimize RTDT development cost, single board computer with Simulink Desktop Real-Time is used instead of using expensive real-time simulators. The CEMS graphical user interface of the RTDT gives flexibility to control interconnected RESSs via the internet cloud. An experimental case study is presented to verify the performance of the RTDT. The RTDT is developed for a commercially available RESS and CEMS, and not for a theoretical system.
This study aims to explore the security issues and computational intelligence of drone information system based on deep learning. Targeting at the security issues of the drone system when it is attacked, this study adopts the improved long short-term memory (LSTM) network to analyze the cyber physical system (CPS) data for prediction from the perspective of predicting the control signal data of the system before the attack occurs. At the same time, the differential privacy frequent subgraph (DPFS) is introduced to keep data privacy confidential, and the digital twins technology is used to map the operating environment of the drone in the physical space, and an attack prediction model for drone digital twins CPS is constructed based on differential privacy-improved LSTM. Finally, the tennessee eastman (TE) process is undertaken as a simulation platform to simulate the constructed model so as to verify its performance. In addition, the proposed model is compared with the Bidirectional LSTM (BiLSTM) and Attention-BiLSTM models proposed by other scholars. It was found that the root mean square error (RMSE) of the proposed model is the smallest (0.20) when the number of hidden layer nodes is 26. Comparison with the actual flow value shows that the proposed algorithm is more accurate with better fitting. Therefore, the constructed drone attack prediction model can achieve higher prediction accuracy and obvious better robustness under the premise of ensuring errors, which can provide experimental basis for the later security and intelligent development of drone system.
Service providers, 5G network operators and, more generally, vertical industries face today a dangerous shortage of highly skilled cybersecurity experts. Along with the escalation and growing sophistication of cyber-attacks, 5G networks require the training of skilled and highly competent cyber forces. To meet these requirements, the SPIDER cyber range focuses specifically on 5G, and is based on three pillars, (i) cyber security assessment, (ii) training cyber security teams to defend against complex cyber-attack scenarios, and (iii) evaluation of cyber risk. The SPIDER cyber range replicates a customized 5G network, enabling the execution of cyber-exercises that take advantage of hands-on interaction in real time, the sharing of information between participants, and the gathering of feedback from network equipment, as well as the development and adaptation of advanced operational procedures. This aims to help 5G security professionals improve their ability to collaboratively manage and predict security incidents, complex attacks, and propagated vulnerabilities. The SPIDER cyber range is validated in two relevant use case scenarios aimed at demonstrating, in a realistic, measurable, and replicable way the transformations SPIDER will bring to the cybersecurity industry.
With the increasing complexity of the driving environment, more and more attention has been paid to the research on improving the intelligentization of traffic control. Among them, the digital twin-based internet of vehicle can establish a mirror system on the cloud to improve the efficiency of communication between vehicles, provide warning and safety instructions for drivers, avoid driving potential dangers. To ensure the security and effectiveness of data sharing in traffic control, this paper proposes a secure and privacy-preserving scheme for digital twin-based traffic control. Specifically, in the data uploading phase, we employ a group signature with a time-bound keys technique to realize data source authentication with efficient members revocation and privacy protection, which can ensure that data can be securely stored on cloud service providers after it synchronizes to its twin. In the data sharing stage, we employ the secure and efficient attribute-based access control technique to provide flexible and efficient data sharing, in which the parameters of a specific sub-policy can be stored during the first decryption and reused in subsequent data access containing the same sub-policy, thus reducing the computing complexity. Finally, we analyze the security and efficiency of the scheme theoretically.
The emergence of Digital Twins in Industrial Control Systems has enabled advances in the test and evaluation of those systems in a low-cost and non-disruptive manner. The authors propose leveraging these benefits even farther, using the conformance of the digital twin to its physical counterpart to enable security testing of Industrial Control Systems for vulnerability assessment and penetration testing. A proof-of-concept system involving a bottle-filling system controlled by a Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) is presented.
With its advantages of low latency and global coverage, the Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite constellations can form an effective complement to the terrestrial 5G/6G mobile communication system and provide infrastructure support for broadband access and various services of the Internet. However, due to the spatial particularity of this network across land, sea, air, and other levels, it faces the dilemma of being "easy to attack" and "difficult to defend". At the same time, with the acceleration of the wave of digital transformation, the space Internet is increasingly facing software supply chain security risks. Currently, there is no security simulation and verification platform for the whole life cycle of the space Internet. Therefore, in the present study, we design a digital twin-based hyper large scientific infrastructure for the space Internet named Space Spider to realize the ground simulation of all elements of the space Internet and establish an attack and defense environment for the space Internet to support core technology verification. In addition, we also proposed Spiderland, an open experimental platform for space Internet applications and security researchers, to conduct simulation and attack-defense experiments.
While industrial environments are increasingly equipped with sensors and integrated to enterprise networks, current security strategies are generally not prepared for the growing attack surface that resides from the convergence of their IT infrastructure with the industrial systems. As a result, the organizations responsible for corporate security, the Security Operations Center (SOC), are overwhelmed with the integration of the industrial systems.To facilitate monitoring the industrial assets, digital twins represent a helpful novel concept. They are the virtual counterparts of such assets and provide valuable insights through collecting asset-centric data, analytic capabilities and simulations. Moreover, digital twins can assist enterprise security by simulating attacks and analyzing the effect on the virtual counterpart. However, the integration of digital twin security simulations into enterprise security strategies, that are mainly controlled by the SOC, is currently neglected.To close this research gap, this work develops a process-based security framework to incorporate digital twin security simulations in the SOC. In the course of this work, a use case along with a digital twin-based security simulation provides proof of concept. It is demonstrated how a man-in-the-middle attack can be performed in a simulated industry setting and how it affects the systems. Moreover, we show how the resulting system logs can support the SOC by building technical rules to implement in Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) systems.
With the advent of Industry 4.0 (I4.0), traditional operational-technology and IT systems converge, entailing novel attack vectors. However, I4.0 technologies might also contribute to industrial security. Digital Twins are virtual entities of physical industrial systems that offer opportunities for security, such as simulation and replication of system behavior.
Internet of Things (IoT) is a rapidly growing industry currently being integrated into both consumer and industrial environments on a wide scale. While the technology is available and deployment has a low barrier of entry in future applications, proper security frameworks are still at infancy stage and are being developed to fit varied implementations and device architectures. Further, the need for edge centric mechanisms are critical to offer security in real time smart connected applications with minimal or negligible overhead. In this paper, we propose a novel approach of data security by using multiple device shadows (aka digital twins) for a single physical object. These twins are paramount to separate data among different virtual objects based on tags assigned on-the-fly, and are used to limit access to different data points by authorized users/applications only. The novelty of the proposed architecture resides in the attachment of dynamic tags to key-value pairs reported by physical devices in the system. We further examine the advantages of tagging data in a digital twin system, and the performance impacts of the proposed data separation scheme. The proposed solution is deployed at the edge, supporting low latency and real time security mechanisms with minimal overhead, and is light-weight as reflected by captured performance metrics.  © 2021 IEEE.
Ever since cyber attacks focused on industrial and critical infrastructure settings, the awareness of the security issues of these systems has increased. These industrial control systems (ICS) mainly focus on operation and availability - instead of providing general security features. Moreover, the current Industry 4.0 movement aggravates this security gap by connecting the ICS to the enterprise network, which facilitates targeting these systems. Proper system testing can reveal the system's vulnerabilities and provide remedies. However, security measures are usually neglected or addressed after an emerging incident only, which results in high costs. To maximize the benefit of system testing, we argue that it should be carried out as early as possible, especially to render systems secure-by-design. In this work, we propose an approach for introducing security-by-design system testing by the application of a digital twin. A digital twin is able to represent a system virtually along its lifecycle. To enable security-by-design, the simulation capability of digital twin is harnessed to create a prospective environment of a planned system. This allows detecting vulnerabilities before they can emerge in the real-world and providing a adequate risk strategy. Our work shows how security-by-design system testing is anchored in the security applications along a system's lifecycle. Next to proposing a security-by-design system testing approach with digital twins, we implement a digital twin representing a pressure vessel, and demonstrate how to carry out each step of our proposed approach. During this proof-of-concept, we identify vulnerabilities and show how an attacker can compromise the system by manipulating values of the pressure vessel with the potential to cause over-pressure, which, in turn, can result in an explosion of the vessel. © 2022 Owner/Author.
Operators of cyber-physical systems (CPSs) need to maintain awareness of the cyber situation in order to be able to adequately address potential issues in a timely manner. For instance, detecting early symptoms of cyber attacks may speed up the incident response process and mitigate consequences of attacks (e.g., business interruption, safety hazards). However, attaining a full understanding of the cyber situation may be challenging, given the complexity of CPSs and the ever-changing threat landscape. In particular, CPSs typically need to be continuously operational, may be sensitive to active scanning, and often provide only limited in-depth analysis capabilities. To address these challenges, we propose to utilize the concept of digital twins for enhancing cyber situational awareness. Digital twins, i.e., virtual replicas of systems, can run in parallel to their physical counterparts and allow deep inspection of their behavior without the risk of disrupting operational technology services. This paper reports our work in progress to develop a cyber situational awareness framework based on digital twins that provides a profound, holistic, and current view on the cyber situation that CPSs are in. More specifically, we present a prototype that provides real-time visualization features (i.e., system topology, program variables of devices) and enables a thorough, repeatable investigation process on a logic and network level. A brief explanation of technological use cases and outlook on future development efforts completes this work. © 2019 IEEE.
Digital Twin (DT) is one of the pillars of modern information technologies that plays an important role on industry’s digitalization. A DT is composed of a real physical object, a virtual abstraction of the object and a bidirectional data flow between the physical and virtual components. This paper presents a DT-based tool, called TaS, to easily test and simulate IoT environments. The objective is to improve the testing methodologies in IoT systems to evaluate the possible impact of it on the physical world. We provide the conditions to test, predict errors and stress application depending on hardware, software and real world physical process. The tool is based on the DT concept in order to detect and predict failures in evolving IoT environments. In particular, the way to prepare the DT to support fault injection and cybersecurity threats is analyzed. The TaS tool is tested through an industrial case study, the Intelligent Transport System (ITS) provided by the INDRA company. Results of experiments are presented that show that our DT is closely linked to the real world.
Abstract. In this work, we draft a methodology to build a cybersecurity digital twin of a Smart Grid, starting from its architectural blueprint. The idea of a digital twin is not new and has recently been proposed as a means to enable simulations for the purpose of environmental protection where tests on the real system are difficult or expensive. The novelty in our work is in proposing and analyzing the possibility to dynamically align the digital twin with its real counterpart. As a preliminary step toward the synthesis of a Digital Twin for the Smart Grid, we propose the adoption of an architectural view that gets dynamically aligned with the state of the world at deploy and operation time. In this manner, we lay out the basis for a maintenance-aware model, which is at the core of the “digital twin” concept. The availability of a digital twin allows the enforcement of policies for the devices when they connect to the Grid. This paves the way for a Zero Trust Architecture (ZTA), as introduced in this work.
European manufacturing industry faces a growing cyberthreat landscape which increasingly involves sophisticated nation-statesponsored actors. Moreover, while the ongoing evolution towards more connected production environments generates significant benefits in productivity, it also creates more complex risk scenarios. In this work we show how Digital Twins enhance the resilience and improve the overall security posture of manufacturing industry, based on a highly critical scenario unfolding in the aerospace sector.
Digital Twin (DT) impacts significantly to both industries and research. It has emerged as a promising technology enabling us to add value to our lives and society. DT enables us to virtualize any physical systems and observe real-time dynamics of their status, processes, and functions by using the data obtained from the physical counterpart. This paper attempts to explore a new direction to enhance cyber resilience in the perspective of cybersecurity and Digital Twins. We enumerate definitions of the Digital Twin concept to introduce readers to this disruptive concept. We then explore the existing literature to develop a holistic analysis of the DT’s integration into cybersecurity. Our research questions develop a novel roadmap for a promising direction of research, which is worth exploring in the future and is validated by an extensive and systematic survey of recent works. Our research has aimed to properly illustrate the current research state in this area and can benefit both community and industry to further the integration of Digital Twins into Cybersecurity.
Cyber–Physical Systems (CPS) rely on communication and control technologies to efficiently manage devices in the system. However, a wide variety of potential security challenges has emerged due to the evolution of critical infrastructures (CI) from siloed sub-systems into integrated networks, including smart grid (SG). SG security studies are carried out on physical test-beds to train and test cyber attacks in a safe/controlled environment. However, it has limitations w.r.t modifying physical configuration and scalability. To overcome these shortcomings, we built a digital power twin for a physical test-bed that is used for cyber security studies on SGs. The twin enable users to deploy real world attacks and countermeasures, and study its effectiveness. In the twin users may easily modify the components and configurations unlike in a physical test-bed. Further, reproducing the twin for advancing the research is significantly cheaper. We illustrate the typical use case with an example case study.
This contribution presents a model for cyber-resilience of criticalcyber infrastructures (CCI) based on the implementation of a digitaltwin. It addresses the risks associated with the in-tegration ofcomputational, communication and physical aspects of CCIs. We focusspecifi-cally on cybersecurity in the electric power sector due both toits salience and to the poten-tial risks associated to failures inguaranteeing resilience. Informed by the literature on in-formationsecurity management, situational awareness (SA) and common operationalpic-ture (COP), we derive an overarching model to provide CCIs' actorswith increased cyber sit-uational awareness, common understanding ofincidents and enhanced response capacity. On the practical side, themodel seeks to minimize response time and to reduce the impact ofcyber-attacks on the organizations and on society as a whole. We developa process model and validate three design propositions through aformative evaluation in the context of a digital twin implementation inthe EU electrical power sector. We discuss the implications of thismodel for further research as well as practical applications for theelectrical power sector. (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
With the new industrial revolution of digital transformation, more intelligence and autonomous systems can be adopted in the manufacturing transportation processes. Safety and security of autonomous vehicles (AVs) have obvious advantages of reducing accidents and maintaining a cautious environment for drivers and pedestrians. Therefore, the transformation to data-driven vehicles is associated with the concept of digital twin, especially within the context of AV design. This also raises the need to adopt new safety designs to increase the resiliency and security of the whole AV system. To enable secure autonomous systems for smart manufacturing transportation in an end-to-end fashion, this article presents the main challenges and solutions considering safety and security functions. This article aims to identify a standard framework for vehicular digital twins that facilitate the data collection, data processing, and analytics phases. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, a case study for a vehicle follower model is analyzed when radar sensor measurements are manipulated in an attempt to cause a collision. Perceptive findings of this article can pave the way for future research aspects related to employing digital twins in the AV industry. © 2017 IEEE.
The 4th Industrial revolution is driven by increased connectivity, digitization, automation and autonomy of manufacturing assets, which trigger strong optimization perspectives, new businesses as well as a handful of new threats which need to be properly addressed. The CyberFactory#1 project (ITEA nr 17032) aims at solving this dilemma between productivity and security through the design, development and demonstration of a System of Systems that embraces the technical, economical, human and the societal dimensions of future factories. It relies on innovative simulation, optimization and resilience capabilities. Pilots from transportation, automotive, electronics and machine manufacturing will host demonstrations of these achievements in a real operational environment at the end of a 3 years collaborative project. An approach based on digital twins' integration with cyber-range will be implemented, to analyze the impact of attacks in the quality monitoring of avionics electronic, to manufacturing cobotic systems in a virtual environment to improve their ability to withstand manipulation attempts, and as a tool for iterative design of safety/security functions for cobots. © 2018 IEEE.
The evolution of next-generation mobile networks (5G, 6G...) is highly related to the latest virtualisation technology, which exposes it to new cyber-attack vectors. Therefore, there is an increasing need to train cybersecurity experts in the use of appropriate tools to prevent network attacks, especially those applied in mission-critical industrial environments. To meet this need, there are systems called cyber ranges that can be seen as an exemplification of a digital network twin. SPIDER is a cyber range specially oriented to train experts in next-generation network cybersecurity. In this paper we present how SPIDER is augmenting cyber range environments with ML tools, how it works and the way in which it can be used to train new experts. © 2021 IEEE.
This work aims to improve the communication security of the industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) based on digital twins (DTs). The related technologies of quantum communication are introduced to improve network communication. Firstly, the key DTs technologies in the construction of IIoT are expounded. Also, the characteristics of quantum communication are analyzed. Secondly, a channel encryption scheme based on quantum communication is proposed to ensure the communication security of IIoT. The scheme uses the five-particle entanglement state and two-particle bell state as entanglement channels to realize two-particle quantum teleportation. Finally, an Adaptive Key Residue algorithm is proposed based on the quantum key distribution mechanism. The algorithm verification suggests that the success rate of service distribution decreases with the increase in network load. When the service load reaches 1000, the Adaptive Key Residue algorithm can maintain a success rate of service distribution in the network higher than 0.6. Besides, the success rate of service distribution increases with the growth of the total key generation rate V and the key pool capacity C. The research results reported here are of great significance for realizing the secure communication of IIoT systems based on digital twins to ensure the effective operation of network communication and the secure transmission of data.  © 1986-2012 IEEE.
The increased rate of cyber-attacks on the power system necessitates theneed for innovative solutions to ensure its resiliency. This work buildson the advancement in the IoT to provide a practical framework that isable to respond to multiple attacks on a network of interconnectedmicrogrids. This paper provides an IoT-based digital twin (DT) of thecyber-physical system that interacts with the control system to ensureits proper operation. The IoT cloud provision of the energycyber-physical and the DT are mathematically formulated. Unlike othercybersecurity frameworks in the literature, the proposed one canmitigate an individual as well as coordinated attacks. The framework istested on a distributed control system and the security measures areimplemented using cloud computing. The physical controllers areimplemented using single-board computers. The practical results showthat the proposed DT is able to mitigate the coordinated false datainjection and the denial of service cyber-attacks.
The evolution of IoT technology is opening new avenues for valuecreation in many domains. The automotive industry is impacted on byseveral additional trends. One of those is autonomous driving (AD),which needs to be propped up by integration of Internet of Things (IoT)and Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) to improve user acceptance. Strongreliance of proposed solutions on communication and data management, aswell as on a variety of complex and heterogeneous architectures andcomponents exposes a range of vulnerabilities. The weaknesses arestrongly correlated to dependability, which is crucial factor forsuccess of AD. IoT4CPS, a flagship Austrian project, contributes toimprovements in required dependability. It is developing guidelines,methods and tools for safe and secure integration of IoT into AD andcorresponding smart production. The project addresses safety andsecurity aspects of AD in a holistic manner. Some of the resultingconsiderations are described in this paper, alongside possible solutionsbased on virtualisation through usage of digital twins.
Understanding cybersecurity threats, attacks, and incidents is crucialfor organizations to perform preventive or reactive measures.Nevertheless, detailed Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) is reluctantlyshared. Digital twins, the virtual counterparts of real-world assets,offer security simulation capabilities. The simulation of attackscenarios on industrial control systems (ICS) with digital twins yieldsvaluable threat information. In our work, we outline the systematicsteps towards a structured threat report starting with digital twinsecurity simulations: We first present the course of action and defineformal requirements for framework deployment. We then conduct an attacksimulation with a prototypical digital twin application to evaluate ourframework. Using the STIX2.1 standard, we assist CTI generation byproviding utility tools guiding through the process steps. Ourexperimental results show that a STIX2.1 CTI report can besystematically constructed with the opportunity to customize accordingto the use case at hand. Adding digital twin security simulations to thelist of CTI sources can provide shareable CTI and help organizationsimprove their security posture.
Cybersecurity testing of automotive systems has become a practicalnecessity, with the wide adoption of advanced driving assistancefunctions and vehicular communications. These functionalities requirethe integration of information and communication technologies that notonly allow for a plethora of on-the-fly configuration abilities, butalso provide a huge surface for attacks. Theses circumstances have alsobeen recognized by standardization and regulation bodies, making theneed for not only proper cybersecurity engineering but also proving theeffectiveness of security measures by verification and validationthrough testing also a formal necessity. In order to keep pace with therapidly growing demand of neutral-party security testing of vehicularsystems, novel approaches are needed. This paper therefore presents amethodology to create and execute cybersecurity test cases on the fly ina black box setting by using pattern matching-based binary analysis andtranslation mechanisms to formal attack descriptions as well asmodel-checking techniques. The approach is intended to generatemeaningful attack vectors on a system with next-to-zero a prioriknowledge.
Resource constraints in the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) result in brute-force attacks, transforming them into a botnet to launch Distributed Denial of Service Attacks. The delayed detection of botnet formation presents challenges in controlling the spread of malicious scripts in other devices and increases the probability of a high-volume cyberattack. In this paper, we propose a secure Blockchain-enabled Digital Framework for the early detection of Bot formation in a Smart Factory environment. A Digital Twin (DT) is designed for a group of devices on the edge layer to collect device data and inspect packet headers using Deep Learning for connections with external unique IP addresses with open connections. Data are synchronized between the DT and a Packet Auditor (PA) for detecting corrupt device data transmission. Smart Contracts authenticate the DT and PA, ensuring malicious nodes do not participate in data synchronization. Botnet spread is prevented using DT certificate revocation. A comparative analysis of the proposed framework with existing studies demonstrates that the synchronization of data between the DT and PA ensures data integrity for the Botnet detection model training. Data privacy is maintained by inspecting only Packet headers, thereby not requiring the decryption of encrypted data.
The (IoT) paradigm’s fundamental goal is to massively connect the “smart things” through standardized interfaces, providing a variety of smart services. Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) include both physical and cyber components and can apply to various application domains (smart grid, smart transportation, smart manufacturing, etc.). The Digital Twin (DT) is a cyber clone of physical objects (things), which will be an essential component in CPS. This paper designs a systematic taxonomy to explore different attacks on DT-based CPS and how they affect the system from a four-layer architecture perspective. We present an attack space for DT-based CPS on four layers (i.e., object layer, communication layer, DT layer, and application layer), three attack objects (i.e., confidentiality, integrity, and availability), and attack types combined with strength and knowledge. Furthermore, some selected case studies are conducted to examine attacks on representative DT-based CPS (smart grid, smart transportation, and smart manufacturing). Finally, we propose a defense mechanism called Secured DT Development Life Cycle (SDTDLC) and point out the importance of leveraging other enabling techniques (intrusion detection, blockchain, modeling, simulation, and emulation) to secu